I love quadruple x-games I think you
mean 4x ya xx xx that's what I'm talkin
about
exploring expanding exploiting and my
personal favorite exterminating such a
long boring story for such a tiny little
game
shut up Doland we never get 4x games in
the table and I love them I make people
lick my dirty dirty boots it's my thing
the display of my dominance you took a
big game Britney we'll see how you fare
against a shrewd strategist such as
myself
yeah well I'm like Captain Kirk I think
in 3d I'll get all up in that z-axis and
you'll be like all right my button well
the game is 2d so no you don't
understand little girl I'm one of those
tool bags who reads Sun Tzu's Art of
wool that's impressive
I guess books are cute but I'm fierce
not fierce like a runway model either
fierce like a like an especially fierce
ground mammal what do you mean like a
mink Oh Oh big words coming from a
lizard folk lizard folks crush houses
you idiot what are you like a halfling
like a like a whole halflings are small
but noble have fun losing the economic
race with your lizard brain loser Jensen
hey so can we just play the gosh-darn
game I'm sorry such fringe language but
YouTube just never played nice and I
know Chris can't be here but I am NOT
going to referee for you two
so can we just have mine once you know
what Casey you're right after all open
quote the supreme art of war is to
subdue your enemy without fighting close
quote
yeah it's like james t kirk said I've
already got a female to worry about and
her name is the enterprise okay so it is
Donald Stern do you need a refresher
since you guys got a little sidetracked
sorry Casey
sorry Casey so you got six actions to
choose from you can patrol quest Casey
I've got it
just gonna build another level on my
Tower ah nice
well I don't have enough war to build so
I am just going to gather resources and
I'll go ahead and ride that elevator up
to a new level as well
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh guys come on
no it's just nice for Britney to
acknowledge that I made such a shrewd
move Oh
what oh wait I thought y'all we're
building to something there oh it's
playing the game but you're not you're
just so we can just we just play okay
well it's your turn Britney Thanks
see
expanding exploiting and my personal
favorite exterminating